>> Steve Kinney: But the interesting part
is that, I don't know, all the times,
you see those people on YouTube
with the prompt engineering, right?
They call, you know, there's just like,
I figured out how to write
a prompt that does this.
And I think that really did truly work
two years ago, but now it's like,
turns out with a lot of stuff,
it does matter a little bit more.
In fact, I'm gonna spoil a future slide.
What's really interesting about this
is you not only have in the library
support for prompts, you have support for
negative prompts, right?
And if you think about it in terms of
the math piece, it's like, what is not.
Yeah, yeah, like not this, right?
And that will pull the actual statistics
to where you want it to go, right?
And so, like, what you don't want is
actually like a field that you can fill
out and
that will actually have an impact here.
This is the recommended kinda
stack of things, right?
And you don't.
There's nothing.
If you do not do this, you'll be okay.
This is like the like, recommended
kind of like, way to structure.
Like, what do you want, what style?
If you see, if you ever use like
midjourney or something like that,
they definitely like those, all of
the examples, so on and so forth, right?
Yeah, so what subject do you want?
The style, details, environment,
composition and lighting, I believe, like,
actually, I truly do believe that the
composition lighting works because, like,
you know that, like, it's very easy
to get the, like, camera data for
the lens at least, you know,
and stuff like that.
That is almost definitely in
the metadata on all these things.
So as much as you're like,
that's not real,
that's probably more real than
some of the other pieces.
And yeah, like, I don't know that
masterpiece gets you anything better.
But like, I don't know,
I was reading the docs,
who am I to like, sure, it does, it works.
And then we have those negative prompts,
right?
The concepts you don't want, right?
Like no watermarks or.
You know what I mean?
That stuff does, actually,
the model will pull away from those
concepts during the denoising process.
So in this case there's not necessarily
a concept of that in some of the at least
older transformer models.
I wonder with the reasoning steps in
the newer reasoning thinking models,
maybe that process does something,
I think, a little bit more impactful.
But in the older ones,
it's not built into it.
But for these Image ones it is.
And like I said before, especially
if we are seeking to do this on,
like, the free tier or
whatever, there are some like.
And all these things come at
some kind of cost, right?
If there was no cost to making it faster,
it would just,
that's how it would be, right?
So we have this idea of a scheduler.
Like, there is another one you
can swap in from hugging face.
This attention slicing, right?
Like, it does it in kind of chunks.
It might be slower, but
you get higher quality.
Do you want to offload idle parts of CPU
to reduce the VRAM and stuff like that?
You can play around with all these
things and see how it works for you.
I think I did play around with them at
great expense to my mental health in
these notebooks.
So you can kinda see what I did.
I will be honest with you.
Some of it was I was changing
numbers until I got what I wanted.
I will say that there was
a ton of science all the time.
There are tons of different
models you can choose from.
I think most of the time,
I think just for speed.
Again, like, I'm working under
the constraints of we don't want to go on
forever waiting for things.
So I sometimes chose the cheapest,
fastest model.
But, like, if you're like, I am totally
okay going downstairs making a sandwich
while I wait for this, you don't have
to make all the choices that I did.
But actually, I think a few of them.
I have the dropdowns where you can run it.
Run it with a different model.
You can swap in and out the models.
That's the nice part of the hugging face.
SDKs is, some of these, working with
those models is not always the same, but
they put that abstraction over it.
So, like, you just switch out
the string for the model and
it downloads a different one.
And it's great, so let's go play with it.
I will say,
if your goal is to read every line of code
with these, it is a little rougher, right?
Cause there's just a lot
more knobs to tweak and
a lot of stuff like that we did for
the optimization in this case.
But the reward is really up there too,
though, right?
Like, seeing a quote that looks
like a quote is like, cool.
It's not Pygmy Hippo cool.